Create issue and PR templates (#44)
magnetis/astro: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# What

_Description of what you did._

# Why

> _Description of why you open this pull request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description of why you're opening this pull request._
```

Author: Done one a6ec0dc36864062b70aefea00d0d993635ecff02

# How

> _You can tell us how you did it._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Describe your approach to apply these changes._
```

Author: Done one a6ec0dc36864062b70aefea00d0d993635ecff02

# Sample

> _You can attach some image to show us the result, if applicable._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_You can attach images to show us the result, if applicable._
```

Author: Done one a6ec0dc36864062b70aefea00d0d993635ecff02
